Added how-to guides (#8624)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/how_to/use_estimator.rst

###########################
Use the Estimator primitive
###########################

> 

Reviewer: For the two primitives howtos (I will just comment in this one) we may like to note that the outcome, by default is ideal. The Sampler is the ideal distribution and the Estimator is the expectation value off an ideal distribution. Both can be configured to do sampling (shots). I know these are about the Terra primitives but for instance the Aer primitives do sampling by default and switching the same code to simply use say and Aer Estimator in VQE were it was working with the Terra one may fail give the same answer. I know this is not an aspect of this howto as such, but I am wondering if its worth to have some note here.

This guide shows how to get the expected value of an observable for a given quantum circuit with the :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator` primitive.

Initialize observable
=====================

The first step is to define the observable whose expected value you want to compute. This observable can be any ``BaseOperator``, like the operators from :mod:`qiskit.quantum_info`.

> Among them it is preferable to use :class:`~qiskit.quantum_info.SparsePauliOp`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Out of the available options it is recommended to use :class:`~qiskit.quantum_info.SparsePauliOp`.
```

.. testcode::

    from qiskit.quantum_info import SparsePauliOp

    obs = SparsePauliOp(["II", "XX", "YY", "ZZ"], [1, 1, -1, 1])

> Initialize quantum circuits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initialize the quantum circuit
```
This section only mentions a single circuit later on so i think this should be singular?

===========================

> Then you need to create the :class:`~qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit` for which you want to obtain the expected value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next you need to create the :class:`~qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit` for which you want to obtain the expected value.
```

For more details about this part check out :doc:`this guide <create_a_quantum_circuit>`.

.. plot::
    :include-source:

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cx(0,1)
    qc.draw("mpl")

.. testsetup::

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cx(0,1)

Initialize the ``Estimator``
============================

> Then, you need to create an :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, you need to create an :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator` object.
```

.. testcode::

    from qiskit.primitives import Estimator

    estimator = Estimator()

Run and get results
===================

Now that you have defined ``estimator``, you can create a :class:`~.PrimitiveJob` (subclass of :class:`~qiskit.providers.JobV1`) with the

> :meth:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator.run` method and, then, you can get the results (as a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.EstimatorResult` object) with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:meth:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator.run` method and then you can get the results (as a :class:`~qiskit.primitives.EstimatorResult` object) with
```

the results with the :meth:`~qiskit.providers.JobV1.result` method.

.. testcode::

    job = estimator.run(qc, obs)
    result = job.result()
    print(result)

.. testoutput::

    EstimatorResult(values=array([4.]), metadata=[{}])

Get the expected value
----------------------

> From these results you can take the expected values with the attribute :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.EstimatorResult.values`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From these results you can get the expected values with the attribute :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.EstimatorResult.values`.
```

Generally, :attr:`~qiskit.primitives.EstimatorResult.values` returns a `numpy.ndarray <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.ndarray.html>`_

> whose ``i``-th element would be the expectation value corresponding to the ``i``-th circuit and ``i``-th observable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
whose ``i``-th element is the expectation value corresponding to the ``i``-th circuit and ``i``-th observable.
```

.. testcode::

    exp_value = result.values[0]
    print(exp_value)

.. testoutput::

    3.999999999999999

Parameterized circuits with ``Estimator``
=========================================

The :class:`~qiskit.primitives.Estimator` primitive also has the option to include unbound parameterized circuits like the one below.
You can also bind values to the parameters of the circuit like in :doc:`this guide <create_a_parameterized_circuit>` and follow the steps
of the previous example.

.. testcode::

    from qiskit.circuit import Parameter

    theta = Parameter('θ')
    qc = QuantumCircuit(2)
    qc.ry(theta, 0)
    qc.cx(0,1)
    print(qc.draw())

.. testoutput::
    :options: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE

         ┌───────┐     
    q_0: ┤ Ry(θ) ├──■──
         └───────┘┌─┴─┐
    q_1: ─────────┤ X ├
                  └───┘

> The main difference from the previous case is that now you need to include the parameter values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main difference between this example and the previous one is that now you need to include the parameter values
```
